Eclipse has these in the Team menu, I'm using that as my model for user actions for the context menu in ProjectViewer.  There is a much smaller context menu for the repository browser.  In general, commands operate on working copies through Project Viewer and remote copies in the repository browser.

Project Viewer context menu:

status - done
update - done
commit - done
(not in Eclipse, I added "diff" here)
create patch
apply patch
--
revert - done
add - done
ignore
edit conflicts
resolve - done
(not in Eclipse, I added "delete" here)
--
lock
unlock
--
tag - done
branch - done
merge
switch
--
show properties - done
set properties - done, see notes below
set keywords
--
history - done, I called it "log"
annotations
--
copy - done
export
cleanup - done


Property notes:
- set properties is not part of the context menu in PV.  Instead, it is accessed through the "show properties" results panel with buttons for add a property, edit an existing property, or delete an existing property.
- the 'ignore' and 'keywords' commands need property manipulation working first.

UI notes:
- on the various results panels, add ability to open a file in a jEdit buffer.
- clean up popups, the tool tips are often too large to be useful and don't stay visible long enough. The TableCellViewer that I borrowed from Antelope conflicts with the popup menu mouse gesture.  Right now, there is a mix, should figure out how to avoid the popup menu conflict and use the TableCellViewer popup as it is more useful.
- in the property display, multi-line values are shown in a single line in the table.  They look good in the popup, but should look good in the table too.
- who owns JDiff? It needs some work, like the ability to move lines/blocks left or right between files.

Command notes:
- Need to check, doesn't Eclipse have a "Move"?
- There should be a "compare" to open a diff.  This needs a dialog to be
able to pick a specific revision to compare the local file to, or to
diff two non-local revisions.  Need to pop this as an option in the log
viewer. -> done, I called it "diff" rather than "compare" and am using JDiff
plugin rather than svn diff.



The basic subversion commands:

svn add - done
svn blame
svn cat
svn checkout - done
svn cleanup - done
svn commit - done
svn copy - done
svn delete - done
svn diff - done
svn export
svn help
svn import
svn info - done
svn list - done
svn lock
svn log - done
svn merge
svn mkdir
svn move
svn propdel - done
svn propedit - done
svn propget - done
svn proplist - done
svn propset - done
svn resolved - done
svn revert - done
svn status - done
svn switch
svn unlock
svn update - done


Move: is a copy and delete from a working copy to a working copy.  If in the same directory, then this is "rename".  PV has a "rename" command already, can it be modified without modifying PV code?

Copy: is a copy from a working copy to a working copy.  Don't allow copy in the same directory as that is a move/rename.

Branch: branch is a copy from a URL to a URL within the same repository.  Need to let the user pick the "from" URL and the base of the "to" URL with the SVN Browser.  The "to" URL should default to base repository + /branch.

Tag: exact same as branch, except should default to base repository + /tags.  A variation is copy from a working copy to a URL.

Undelete: copy from URL to working copy at a specific revision prior to the delete revision.  Should be able to pick the deleted file from the log results interface.  This is done and documented in help file.


