Subject:  Tags plugin (0.3) available

I recently left XEmacs for JEdit, but before I could make the full time switch
I needed tagging.  This plugin will provide tagging around source files.       

Excerpt from the Exuberant C Tags man page:

       Tag index files are supported by numerous  editors,  which
       allow the user to locate the object associated with a name
       appearing in a source file and jump to the file  and  line
       which  defines  the name.
       
HOW TO USE
----------

From the Plugin > Tags menu:

  Follow Tag:  Find the tag under the cursor (or optionally the selected text).
  For object oriented languages (currently only Java), a drop down list will
  appear with possible fully qualified tags.  Placing the cursor on (or before
  when using the bar cursor) the dot/period of a method call will populate the 
  drop down list with possible object types of the variable.  
  
  Follow Tag (New View):  Find the tag under the cursor in a new view.
  
  Follow Tag...:  A dialog will appear where you can enter a tag name.
  
  Pop Tag:  Return to the location previous to following a tag. 
  
  Tagging Options:  Use this dialog to set the various options for tagging.
     Tag file type:  The type of tag files used.  This will affect the
     searching of the tag files.  It should be set based on the program used 
     to generate the tag files 
     
     Tag search files:  The set of tag files for searching.  The order of the
     list will be the order of the search.

This information is in the short README which is included in the jar.  Also see
TODO.TXT for future plans, limitations, and known bugs.

Questions, comments, suggestions, bug reports, and large bags of money
welcome.  This is my first ever plugin (and open source offering) so please be
gentle. 

If and when you find bugs, if it is not easily reproduceable, please send the
tag file along with the related source files (or a short example).

Download:

   http://home.earthlink.net/~kdrew/Tags.jar
   
Currently you can find the source jared with the jar file.

Enjoy,

Ken Drew

